Blood on the walls marks the spot where
a fuffle Salesman stood when an Israeli
air strike
hit he and dozens more people died in
the attack just outside the alaka
hospital in the city of De Al
Bala we were selling not paying
attention to anything else we were going
about our business the worker who works
for me was sitting next to me here the
other worker was throwing Falafel over
there suddenly I heard missiles and
explosions I saw body parts scattered
around
me in the aftermath Twisted Metal and
tons of rubble smother those trapped
below elsewhere in D Al Bala the
Palestinian red crescent Society reports
that at least six people were killed
when the ambulance they were traveling
in was
hit in the south of the strip near the
city of Rafa bodies are prepared for
burial Following air strikes on a family
home what was their crime tell me were
they carrying weapons shame on all those
who abandoned and betrayed us shame on
those who are silent Witnesses shame on
Arab leaders tell me what these children
and women did wrong to end up as body
parts the World Health Organization is
pleading with Israel to allow it greater
access to the strip the barrier to
delivering humanitarian Aid to the
people people of Gaza is not the
capabilities of the UN wh or our
partners the barrier is
access we call on Israel to approve
requests by who and other partners to
deliver humanitarian
Aid we continue to call for a ceasefire
almost 90% of the population of Gaza 1.9
million people have been forced from
their homes over 3 months of
war with the latest death toll topping
23,300 people majority women and
children with nearly 60,000 wounded m
lappel al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer